61 ContributorsSativa Lyrics[Intro: Jhené Aiko & Swae Lee]
Yeah, oh, oh
Yeah

[Chorus: Swae Lee]
Why you make it so complicated?
Off the drink, we concentratin'
I know you won't leave me hangin'
Smokin' weed out the container
We spend cash for entertainment
There's more where that came from, that's all I'm sayin'
It's me and you and we makin' arrangements
It's you and me and we makin' arrangements

[Verse 1: Jhené Aiko]
Is it hot in here, or is it just me?
I'm so high in here, been smokin' on this weed
Told 'em, "Go on, take a shot on three"
Told 'em, "Drinks is on me"
Yeah, the drinks are on me
I said now go and take a shot on me
Only drug a bitch is on is the tree
But I lasted ten rounds like a freak
Like a G

[Pre-Chorus: Jhené Aiko]
Get ready (Oh, yes, I'm ready)
Now we're on (And if we're on)
I said I'm ready (I said I'm ready)
Hold the phone (Please hold the phone)
Get ready (Oh, please get ready)
I am on one (Oh, I am on one)
Where you be at? (Where you gon' be at?)
Later on (Later on)
You might also like[Chorus: Swae Lee & Jhené Aiko]
Why you make it so complicated?
Off the drink, we concentratin'
I know you won't leave me hangin'
Smokin' weed out the container
We spend cash for our entertainment
There's more where that came from, that's all I'm sayin'
It's me and you and we makin' arrangements
It's you and me and we makin' arrangements

[Verse 2: Jhené Aiko]
I'll keep it simple, baby
I'ma keep it simple with you, baby
You know I don't ever play no games
You know I don't ever complicate it
Got me feelin' some type of way
Concentratin', concentratin' on the way
You keep the rhythm
Oh my God, I'm glad you came
You came through with that sativa
Indica be havin' me stuck
You know just how to keep me up
You know it, better believe it

[Pre-Chorus: Jhené Aiko]
Get ready (Oh, yeah, I'm ready)
Now we're on (Oh, we're on)
I said I'm ready (Oh yeah, I'm ready)
Hold the phone (Hold the phone)
Get ready (Get ready)
I am on one (I am on one)
Where you be at? (Where you gon' be at?)
Later on (Later on, later on, oh)
[Chorus: Swae Lee & Jhené Aiko]
Why you make it so complicated?
Off the drink, we concentratin'
I know you won't leave me hangin'
Smokin' weed out the container
We spend cash for our entertainment
There's more where that came from, that's all I'm sayin'
It's me and you and we makin' arrangements
It's you and me and we makin' arrangements
Why you make it so complicated? (Why you make it so complicated?)
Off the drink, we concentratin' (Off the drink and we concentratin')
I know you won't leave me hangin' (I know, I know)
Smokin' weed out the container (We smoke, we smoke)
We spend cash for our entertainment (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
There's more where that came from, that's all I'm sayin' (That's all I'm saying)
It's me and you and we makin' arrangements (Me and you, me and you, me and you)
It's you and me and we makin' arrangements (You and me, you and me, you and me)

[Outro: Swae Lee]
Dive in that, I'ma really dive in that
Dive in that, mmm, I'ma dive in that
Dive in that, mmm, let me dive in that
Dive in that, mmm, I'm gon' dive in that
Dive in that36Embed